Add information how to enable cronjob controller v2 (#24885)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

| `CSIStorageCapacity` | `false` | Alpha | 1.19 | |
| `CSIVolumeFSGroupPolicy` | `false` | Alpha | 1.19 | |
| `ConfigurableFSGroupPolicy` | `false` | Alpha | 1.18 | |

> | `CronJobControllerV2` | `false` | Alpha | 1.20 | |

Reviewer: Please also add a description for the feature gate (later in the page).

Author: Done.

   Check [Service Account Token Volumes](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/design-proposals/storage/svcacct-token-volume-source.md)
   for more details.
- `ConfigurableFSGroupPolicy`: Allows user to configure volume permission change policy for fsGroups when mounting a volume in a Pod. See [Configure volume permission and ownership change policy for Pods](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#configure-volume-permission-and-ownership-change-policy-for-pods) for more details.

> - `CronJobControllerV2`: Enable alternative implementation of the CronJob controller.

Reviewer: nit (doesn't block merge):
```suggestion
- `CronJobControllerV2`: Use an alternative implementation of the
   {{< glossary_tooltip text="CronJob" term_id="cronjob" >}} controller. Otherwise,
   version 1 of the same controller is selected. The version 2 controller provides
   experimental performance improvements.
```
?

Author: :+1:
